# Case Management Template with Sveltekit, Tailwind, and DaisyUi

A template project for building a case management app for lawyers, with Sveltekit, TailwindCSS, and DaisyUi.

## Creating a project

If you're seeing this, you've probably already done this step. Congrats!

```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
npm init svelte@next

# create a new project in my-app
npm init svelte@next my-app

# add tailwind, postcss, and autoprefixer (all necessary for tailwind with sveltekit) as dev dependencies
npm i -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer

# initialize tailwindcss which creates a tailwind.config.js file in our project - this will give an error in VSCode that we will fix
npx tailwindcss init

# add daisyui
npm i -D daisyui
```

## Configuring Tailwind

### First, change the tailwind.config.js file to a tailwind.config.cjs file -> this fixes the error from when we initialized tailwind and has to do with how svelte interacts with the file and it wont work if we don't do this.

E.g. tailwind.config.js should be renamed to -> tailwind.config.cjs

### Open the tailwind.config.cjs file and specify which files we'll be using tailwind classes in.

By default, this is an empty array.

#### Change it from this:

```bash
module.exports = {
  content: [],
  theme: {
    extend: {},
  },
  plugins: [],
}
```

#### to this:

```bash
module.exports = {
  content: ['./src/**/*.{html,css,svelte}'],
  theme: {
    extend: {},
  },
  plugins: [],
}
```

### Create a postcss.config.cjs file the working directory

The file should be in the same place as the tailwind.config.cjs file.

In this postcss.config.cjs file add the following (which tells postcss which plugins to run our css through):

```bash
module.exports = {
    plugins: {
        tailindcss: {},
        autoprefixer: {},
    }
}
```

### Create a tailwind.css file in the src directory of the sveltekit project

Add the the tailwind directives to the tailwind.css file like so:

```bash
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

### Create an app.css file in the src directory

This is the same place as the tailwind.css file, which is where we'll import tailwind.css:

```bash
@import './tailwind.css';
```

### Finally, in the src/routes directory, create an \_\_layout.svelte file

This will wrap our other svelte components and is where we'll actually import the css generated by tailwindcss inot to the project, it should look like this:

```bash
<script lang="ts">
	import '../app.css';
</script>

<main>
	<slot />
</main>
```

### Launch the sveltekit server with npm run dev to confirm that the tailwind reset has gone into effect:

The base styling from the sveltekit skeleton project (or starter app) should be gone and in its place should be the default tailwind styling.

> Note: the `@next` is temporary

## Configuring DaisyUI

If you haven't already, install daisyui with npm i -D taisyui (or your preferred package manager).

Next, add daisyUI to your tailwind.config.cjs file like so:

```bash
module.exports = {
    //...
    plugins: [require("daisyui")],
}
```

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapters) for your target environment.
